ON-41971 # Added staticDocs, changed typedoc config, added perms required for functions (#504)
oneblink/sdk-node-js: staticDocs/Permissions.md

Reviewer: The descriptions of Perms in here were worthwhile IMO, just not worth maintaining the definitions in there. Maybe add it back with just that in it, or find somewhere else to put that stuff?

Author: Hmm, I reckon we could put it in the Readme maybe? It could live at the bottom of that file with that information instead of in its own file

# OneBlink Role Permissions

> There are a collections of permissions that are required to use different functions within the OneBlink SDK. These permissions can be set within the [OneBlink Console](console.oneblink.io). If you do not have access, you will need to work with your Administrator to set the permissions that you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain actions in the OneBlink SDK require that your key has particular permissions. 
These permissions can be set in the [OneBlink Console](console.oneblink.io). If you do not have access to the OneBlink console, you will need to work with your Administrator to associate the permissions that you require with your key.
```

> Without certain permissions, you will be unable to complete actions with the OneBlink SDK. The required permissions are included on the function and they will be listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without the associated permissions for a particular action, you will be prohibited from completing that action using the OneBlink SDK. The associated permissions for each function are detailed on the function definitions in addition to being listed below.
```

Reviewer: Incoming suggestion for above line as well...

## Endpoints and their Required Roles

### Approvals

> | Endpoint                                      | Permission | Permission Level |

Reviewer: Worth calling these `Function` or `Action` instead of `Endpoint`?

Author: yep yep, I started using function above but forgot to change it

| searchFormSubmissionAdministrationApprovals() | FaaS       | Developer        |

### Data Manager

| Endpoint            | Permission       | Permission Level   |
| ------------------- | ---------------- | ------------------ |
| getFormDefinition() | Form Submissions | Manager, Read Only |
| searchRecords()     | Form Submissions | Manager, Read Only |

### Email Templates

| Endpoint              | Permission      | Permission Level   |
| --------------------- | --------------- | ------------------ |
| createEmailTemplate() | Email Templates | Manager            |
| deleteEmailTemplate() | Email Templates | Manager            |
| getEmailTemplate()    | Email Templates | Manager, Read Only |
| searchEmailTemplate() | Email Templates | Manager, Read Only |
| updateEmailTemplate() | Email Templates | Manager            |

### Form Element Lists

| Endpoint                 | Permission         | Permission Level |
| ------------------------ | ------------------ | ---------------- |
| createFormElementList()  | Form Element Lists | Manager          |
| deleteFormElementList()  | Form Element Lists | Manager          |

> | searchFormElementLists() | ---                | ---              |

Reviewer 2: These should say `Read Only` (like forms). I know the API does not authorise on it but the roles screen does not allow this to be turned off (like forms). Same below for lookups.

Reviewer: From a Dev perspective, you can turn it off though. IMO we should match the data/actual auth. 🤷

Reviewer 2: Cool beans

### Form Element Lookups

| Endpoint                   | Permission           | Permission Level   |
| -------------------------- | -------------------- | ------------------ |
| createFormElementLookup()  | Form Element Lookups | Manager            |
| deleteFormElementLookup()  | Form Element Lookups | Manager            |
| getFormElementLookup()     | Form Element Lookups | Manager, Read Only |
| searchFormElementLookups() | ---                  | ---                |
| updateFormElementLookup()  | Form Element Lookups | Manager            |

### Forms

| Endpoint                          | Permission       | Permission Level   |
| --------------------------------- | ---------------- | ------------------ |
| createForm()                      | Forms            | Manager            |
| createSubmissionAttachment()      | FaaS             | Developer          |
| deleteForm()                      | Forms            | Manager            |
| executeWorkflowEvent()            | Form Submissions | Manager            |
| generateFormUrl()                 | Forms\*          | Manager, Read Only |
|                                   | Apps             | Manager, Read Only |

> |                                   | FaaS\*\*         | Developer          |

Reviewer 2: This is not only required for prefill data upload, it will also be required to actually submit the form.

| getSubmissionAttachmentBuffer()   | Form Submissions | Manager, Read Only |
| getSubmissionAttachmentMeta()     | Form Submissions | Manager, Read Only |
| getSubmissionAttachmentStream()   | Form Submissions | Manager, Read Only |
| getSubmissionData()               | Form Submissions | Manager, Read Only |
| migrateForm()                     | Form             | Manager            |
| searchForms()                     | Form             | Manager, Read Only |
| searchSubmissions()               | Form Submissions | Manager, Read Only |
| updateForm()                      | Form             | Manager            |
| uploadEmailAttachment()           | FaaS             | Developer          |
| decryptUserToken()                | ---              | ---                |
| encryptUserToken()                | ---              | ---                |
| generateFormElement()             | ---              | ---                |
| generatePageElement()             | ---              | ---                |
| validateForm()                    | ---              | ---                |
| validateFormEvent()               | ---              | ---                |

> \* For Private Forms

Reviewer 2: If customers are using public forms, they wont use this function. This function allows a private form to be submitted on behalf of a key. If the form is public, they can be submitted anonymously.

|                        | Data Manager, Approvals, Volunteers | Manager, Read Only |
| getMyFormsApp()        | ---                                 | ---                |
| getSendingAddress()    | Apps                                | Manager, Read Only |
| setSendingAddress()    | App Users                           | Manager            |
| updateFormsApp()       | Apps                                | Manager            |
|                        | Data Manager, Approvals, Volunteers | Manager            |
| updateStyles()         | App Customisation                   | Manager            |
| verifyJWT()            | ---                                 | ---                |

### Jobs

| Endpoint     | Permission | Permission Level   |
| ------------ | ---------- | ------------------ |
| createJob()  | Jobs       | Manager            |
| deleteJob()  | Jobs       | Manager            |
| searchJobs() | Jobs       | Manager, Read Only |

### Keys

| Endpoint | Permission                                         | Permission Level |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |

> | getKey() | Calendar Bookings, Integrations & Development Keys | Manager          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| getKey() | Calendar Bookings, Integrations & Development Keys | Read Only          |
```

### Organisations

| Endpoint          | Permission | Permission Level                             |
| ----------------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| getOrganisation() | ---        | You need to have a key from the Organisation |
| uploadAsset()     | ---        | You need to have a key from the Organisation |

### PDF

| Endpoint                        | Permission       | Permission Level   |
| ------------------------------- | ---------------- | ------------------ |
| generateFormSubmissionPDF()     | Form Submissions | Manager, Read Only |
| generatePDF()                   | PDF              | Developer          |
| generatePdfFromSubmissionData() | PDF              | Developer          |

### Team Member

| Endpoint           | Permission | Permission Level |
| ------------------ | ---------- | ---------------- |

> | getTeamMeberRole() | ---        | ---              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| getTeamMemberRole() | ---        | ---              |
```
